Started on 12 April 2017

When Learning Game
1. Take into account the teachers natural advantages of looks, status, money
2. Micro vs Macro level sense of their game understanding
3. Cause and effect sense of their game understanding
4. Emotional feeling of concepts vs logical

Level 1 : Foundations
Anything that is micro level, training wheels to start noticing this stuff but in the long run you cant have fun with it, drop it after a while
---------------------
- MM 2005 DVDS
- CC 2005 DVDs
- NLP : Swinggcat R.W.S, MikeWI ebooks
---------------------
- 4EG eBook
- Sinn FVG Video
---------------------
- TRM I, II
- Sperm Wars
---------------------
Level 2 : Blueprint decoded
Definitly Game 2.0, got me approaching and out in the field. Kept me going

Level 3 : TenGame, Shift
Best is to learn from a guru, in spectator culture we watch and feel as if we have achieved what we see on TV and in Sports, sometimes we go a step further and think we are those people, comping how they walk, talk and present themselves to the world, this second level can be greatly used to start watching an Individual PUA and model him. I choose Julien Blanc

::Essential Books:::
MindOs
Crucial Conversations
War of Art
Power of Now
Pover vs Force
Huna
------

:::::::::::::::::::3 Rules to always remember, test these when drunk, base concepts::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Life 101 : JUMP OFF LIFES CLIFFS
We tend to exert just enough energy, once we are "comfortable" or "settled" we tend to even stop extering that just enough and go on autopilot, in modern world it's easy to be that way, coz society ensures our survival and replication if I follow the overall rules. In life there are these situations where I feel uncomfortable, I feel I can't face an interaction, where I'm lazy, where I'm putting off something. We think that there is a tomorrow, in truth there is no time, I can always be doing something right now to make the next moment better and keep building that momentum. 
For eg in pickup, I know I'm in the Game if I ask myself am I going out and approaching ritually?, next when out asking these 5 questions know if I'm in an interaction
1. Am I loud enough
2. Am I smiling
3. Am I looking at her
4. Am I facing her
5. Am I close enough
These 5 rules work for any encounter and interaction in the world, you need something, this is how to be confident, there is no reframe or prize mindset or whatever jedi mind trick for this, its in the actual looking up and facing what's in the moment, what in front, there is no next time or once Ill do that then I can do this, its now in the moment, always rething in the moment and decide todo what I'm putting off and accept that I can never be prepared 100% for a moment, on a macro level as long as I do it, things can still work out, not doing something is as good as nothing will work. In time, with similar situations, I do it enough and I gain confidence, the outcome does not matter, but doing these 5 things when communicating matters.
Jumping off lifes cliffs requires me to be bold, I will piss some people often time most people off just for trying, I will turn friends into enemies putting my needs above theirs, I will make mistakes, some I will regret, some I will eventually learn from. Most of society is stuck in either "settled" mode or moving around with a chip on their shoulder trying to get into "settled" mode, It's become the sad norm. The key here is to remain SHAMELESS, at the end of the day, lot of things do not matter and the ability to let that does not matter truly slide is growth, everytime I will have new things I would hae to learn to let slide. The Paradox in life is to get results with outcome detachment, the inbetween is being indifferent and avoid wasting time and energy on what I do not control.

SHIT TEST HUMOUR
Looks, money, status. We all go for these in some way or the other. Sometimes just coz or sometimes we feel we lack something without these, we compare to the other guy, the other family, the other group and then rationalize that "He/They have this and I/we dont and only if we did"(Said in dorky whiny voice). The truth is at the end of the day all this does not matter, its all ego based. Even self validation like I need to make a lot of money because I'm money man, or I need to be the best at something coz I need a tag of career man or company man, in fact self validation brings out the worst because it's not society or advertsing putting up all the pressure its ourselves with the anti-society ego and I'm gonna be better and force that shit and hence when we have big goals and do not reach there coz of lack of trying or direction in ourselves, we feel inadequate to start with. Women test for these things in particular, I could earn 1L per month and in my mind, in my validation seeking ego I feel I need 1L,10K per month, it would showcase an undercurrent in me that I'm not satisfied at my job. maybe I am with the work, but on some level I'm not coz of the pay. While the guy who earns 25K, has learnt to save up and has accepted his fate currently and knows one day he can get out of it, start a business or turn a passion into business and in the meanwhile is smiling because he can leave work early, not a lot of streesful eyes are on him daily at work and when hes out hes actually carefree because work and stress is away, hes learnt to detach, a girl will prefer the carefree guy more. Women meet men, men can put up a front of im cool for only so long, with PUA foundations it can be longer, but eventually its effort and women can shit test her way into knowing the real me. This applies to looks too, Do I think I look good for myself? and status? Am I happy with the friends, family, family connections and my own connections I have built? 

The trinagle also coorelate to looks, money and status in the work of hwealth, wealth and relationships. the question becomes am I efficient in these areas and achiving what I want, forget soeicty, forget the ego, forget the emotions and always wantring to be lazy or whine and exert just enough energy, what do I really want out of these three trinagle elements. The triangle makes us feel inadequate, but if I have the right map via pickup and I know lot of the looks, status and money ideals do not matter. We can look at the right triangle and go for what I really want with power rather than force. 

In conclusion the best way to face a shit test is humor, the better way is be aligned with true values and defend the truth about myself well.

PUA101
It's always on with women no matter what, at a macro level, it's always on. Sometimes its short and fast, sometimes it takes longer, the longer it takes the more it feels like an investment of time and energy, hence feelings. I get to know the girl better also, If the girl is worth it, its ok if it takes longer. But never ever play that game with myself that shes an angel, or shes a virgin or different, accept that while I was "feeling" courting her for a longer duration coz of distance or plans falling apart or for whatever reason, another guy could have got in, a guy from the past, a SNL, an oribitor, Any guy with Game at the Right place right time. Just like how I'm gonna fuck other guys sweethearts, their baby, the same can happen to me in the Game, it's reality that it could happen and I have to be indifferent to it when there is no commitment made mutually. Investment is not a commitment to sexual outcome. It does not work that way, thinking that way is a mindfuck and can lead to being needy or even worse acting out of sunk cost falacy. First being aware of this fact and then reframing that Investing time and effort in a girl is investment towards learning pickup, pickup makes this whole girls thing abundant, which mean I gottaa approach, spin plates and have MLTRS, at times I can have a main girl but it should be someone from an MLTR. Finally, the hotter(more youthful) the woman available she is to sex, she knows this biological drive and reward a man for knowing it also.

:::::::::::::::::::3 Rules to always remember, test these when drunk, base concepts END::::::::::::::::::::::::::

MACRO METHOD
Open->Vibe->Isolate->Escalate->Close

ONION
No one is perfect, No one knows what there are suppose todo, we keep peling our onion, stripping away shit along the way to find out purpose, something that we are actually good at, something that we enjoy

++++++++++++++++++++++++TenGame Round 1+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
There is this resistance everytime I see a girl, why is that?
I know how to be wesome soetimes, why not all the time
Game everyones the 2s the 10s, flirt to flirt and flirt to fuck
Give value, its in the toality and precense
- What am I giving her by fucking her or rather after fucking her, is she gettinga good deal?
-- Can buld connections
-- Can build a smart business
-- Awesome in bed
-- Thinking man
-- Enjoys dates, food
You tell the girl I ran out of things to say
Fake it till you make
1. Own dancing monkey
2. relaxed, carerfreee
3. passionate, excited, part of that passionate vibe

Being real
Dont fake state, be your real state
Real about being man to woman

Act as if I already know her

Push pull is training wheels for being real

Basic rules of being in the game
- Am I going out?
- Can she hear me?
-- Talk loudly, I talk lower voice
-- Takes time, time and awareness
- Am I smiling?
- Am i holding eye contact? AM I looking at her?
- Am I facing her? Make her turn to me, square up
- Am I getting close enough? - Proximity

Think Win-win - ite being socially aware, remembering there is two of you, she has friends
- Say something too far out there, you're done
- Make her feel like a slut your done
- 
Start high, Calibrate after the fact, pressure on pressure off

How boring I can get, get a baseline...
Get her far away from where you open her as possible

Rejection, Humilation - embrace and be happy, choose to be better, grow

Should I go or not go, its and unknow, dancing, group, more girls than guys, shit, its ok grow man grow - easter 2017
Go thru the fire, its a mess

Playing to win
Plan A: Pull her
Plan B: Go with her, not getting ego involved - 50% results
Plan C: Phone no

Who are you here with? Howdo you all know each other
Which area does she live in?
How is she going home? roomates? 
living situation like?
What are you doing later tonight or tomorrow?

Preseeding the pull

I have a friend who lives there too, I think hes throwing a party later tonight

Beng aware of how much compluance I'm asking fore, complicance and investment goes hand in hand

No seteeling, pickup so many women, chemistry with this type of girl
Shift : My ideal vs ideal learned out of experience
Abundance

++++++
The actually being alone is not bad, hence I'm my own pillar


++++++TenGame Round 2+++++++++++++++++++++
1. Getting out of my own way
Lot of the micro concepts do not matter
- Ohh Am I in state, is my hand in postion,  am I standing straight?

Shift : Get good at game by expression personality vs building personality

Why am I not enough as is?
99% of us are bullshitting ourselves about looks, money and status too
Insecurity
- We are insecure about something else we sould show up and rock it,
- Maybe looks, money or status
- It's not bad, just that the right direction is to bring awareness to it

Winning the superficial game
- You can focus on looks, money or status, but a hot girl will always have something cooler, better place to go to, more handsome men to be around, this game cannot be won. And I do not need to win it either.
- The one thing I can give a woman is me, the real unstifled me,my own uniqueness, not everyone is going to like me and that is fine, move on 
- Zone in on my own uiqueness, no one can compete on that level, its a different experience for her
- "The soul primes above all else" - about technique, content, rules

Break some of the rules
- Girls wil be more aligned with me if I break the rules a bit and be more human, the guy who follows every step is boring, its conter intitive as game means rules
- Game is messy, it can get extremly messy, ups and down
- I am going to fuck it up and shes not gonna not fuck me coz of a single fuck up
- Make a little mistake, fumble, be ok, hesitate, funble or forget something, its ok, thats what makes it human

Rejection
- Be ok with some girls not liking me
- Rejection is not good or bad, it just is...Some people you like some you dont, some you connect some you dont, you;re just not meant to connet
- Some girls I wont like also, lot of them I wont
- Some girls are just having a bad day and you will get rejected, I can have this also
- Its not time yet, be smart about rejection and not beat myself up
- Rejection is gradual, we think its love us or state us, usually interaction just dies down unless something extreemly uncalibrated is done
- Finally : Why am I attached to some approval? Whats so bad if I dont get that girl? Isnt she a stranger? - All or nothing thinking gym example?

Social Camelion
- The only way is to change who you are to please
- low on self worth, if you tone down partfs of you and end up with the girl, it would be helll, toning down the part of who I am
***Key : Worry abot relability not the impression(make everyone and every girl like me)
***Relability is about getting a girl
- Can be a social camelion, but its tiring, its not authentic

Make it sustainable
- make it fun when out
- accep that the little world that I never get rejected does not exists, a world of no discofrt will never happen, live in discomfort, anticipate rejection
- let go of mysicial realities, 0 discofrort, 0 rejection. how I view it is what matters.

We are enough
- Most of us go up not enough and then get a good reaction and we are in good state, shes gone and bad state
- Some of us cant deal with her reacting well
- Letting go of need for approval and why do I need a girl to feel enoght, why am I not enough right now, the core : fear of being alone or isolated, be ok with being alone
- Ego validation, self entitlement - as long as Im hoping to get a reaction, im in my own way, why am I looking to get said reaction? let go of that
- Labels from pickup, out of state, AA etc - Its not bad
- Need to have an awesome night or achiebe a experience is another form of ego validation, clinging on to events or reactions
Key : Learn how to feel good no matter how I feel, feel good about low energy, feel good about being out of state, feel good about being in my head
Negative resistance leads to negative spiral, hell yeah out of sttae game is the shit, aa game
Hey I ran out of things to say - that;s gone

Scarcity vs Abundance
- Learn to game the 2s to get the 10s, have just as much fun with both, it has to be genuine fun and equal amount of fun as the 10
- Guy who games only attrative girls over 6 hell get only 6 and 7s, and ocassionaly the 8, but will never get the 10s
- In reality gaming a 2 is eqal high value, coz im so easy with myself I can get away with it vs guys who try to be cool
- A cool person just does give a fuck, he gets away with shit. hes not trying to be cool, thats what makes him cool
- Flirting for the sake of fucking vs flirting for the sake of flirting -  the girls always know, just for the fun of it
- Conquering mindset does not work bcoz its you vs her, I want it to me me and her instead... playing to win, but the playng to win is much more subtle in a way, but that how you win. Gotta be on top of your shit in a very indirect way

2. Offer value
Everytime I encounter approach anxiety that ehh that stops me, what am I trying to take? instead of give value?
It can be as subtle as reaffirmation of my ego or image
1. Focus instead on what am I gonna give - Offer 100bucks example
2. Competitive vs collaborative vibe
Yell example
... Everytime trying to take think what wud be a cool yell, what do I yell? else Id be ahhhhhh
When your part of the herd it easy, hence when doing pickup it can fuck with you, coz ohh Im on the outside doing pickup, not like eevryone meeting thru social circle
win win.....all on the same team
3. best way to open is skip the open
4. reminding myself people are not the enemy, all in the same boat
Huge stifeling when sing and dancing, ocne doing it we are good
I have this loud personality but theres some shit getting in the way and blocking
Shift: What can I take to what can I give, give to all girls, get turned on by giving
eg. Good emotions and realness - 2 easy ways of offering value
5. list of benefits a girl gets from fucking you?
- Good Sex, different positions, exploring new positions, open to 3 somes both ways, open to taboo shit
- money so dates
- good work life balance so time to have "fun"
- Trust and realness and going for her for her, not just her looks
6. Evryone wants to have fun, be carefree and be passinate
7. Question to get a response ve question to offer value/fun - hey hows it going, giving in the vibe, giving coz it meakes me feel good

3. Make yourself feel good
Offer these 3 buttons
1. fun, positivity, haoppy, smiling, makes me happy
2. carefree, relaxed at easy, not giving a fuck
3. passionate, excited, engaged
Not in a way the word i say but how I can link what she says or whats happening to these buttons
- Run out of things to say example
Zero resentment towards the girl - cant do this right now??
Go super choddy - cant do this right now??
If im butt hurt, tell her you're butt hurt
Good emotions does not mean super high energy high, just means feeling fucking good
What makes me feel good?
What do I think is funny?
Smap out of logic patterns by doing something out of left field....blurt out vaginas, what did you have for breakfast
Everythign that is done or said is said from the emulating of the feeling, the being
Once I feel fucking good, the girl feels fucking good and I can let go of the outcome and then I get her
What game is? emotional materbuation...go out and make self feel good emotionally
Finaly...Out with awing...learn to generate fun with each other

4. Being real
If out of state embrace it
1. Being real interms of vibe, being you some shit shill love some she will not, as long as Im real
2. Being real interms of man to woman, get rid of the agenda
clarity of intent should happen naturally in thw vibe.
Push-Pull and SOI, Laser eye contact is what we think makes it man to woman, in reality all those are training wheels to unlock man to woman
Let the girl know you like her within the vibe

Part 2
Most communication is manipulation
A hot girl is a millionaire in the club surrounded by cool people
Being real gets rid of the manipulation and is beathe of fresh air
By product of getting rid of that need of approval
IMAGING WHAT I WANTED AND NEEDED FROM THE GIRL I GOT, how would I act? No its a little bit more real
You can do all these, but you can be men to woman in communication, its a feeling she gets coz I project that intent/emotion
- Eye contact
- Breaking rapport tonality
- Kino
What am I afraid of?
- Rejection
- She might not like it
- Reminding of perceived value and shes getting fucked over in the deal
All of this shit does not matter, get rid of it
Training wheels
1. Leading the conversation, cutting threads, disagreening a lttle bit, push pull is training wheels for being real, it naturaly happens
Lastly...being vulnerable, the more personal the better, bring that what I wanna say to the table

5. Communicate clearly
Rules on if you are in the game
1. Can she hear me?
--Always recalibrate, swing the pendulum, exagerrate a bit till it becomes normal, time and awareness to fix this
1. Am I Going out in gneeral
2. Am I smiling?
--
3. Am I facing her?
-- Look at her to get sucked in...man to woman
5. Am I close enough to her?
--Proximity, get closer, go in and out
6. Laser eye contact?
Communication nothing has todo with energy, energy does not matter
even those 3 innver buttoins fun, carefreeness, passion needs to energy

6. Think WIn Win(The Circles) .. Whats my goal whats her goal and how can I make it win-win, everytime I go away from win-win I get rejected
On a macro level no girl wants to feel like a slut
Pull her early on and you;re an obstable to her goal and will get rejected
Say something to far out, that she cant relate to, shes an obstacle
Be real,throw shit out there, is it too far out there and then calibrate after the fact..pressure on pressure off
Watch the tension and slow it down, slow it down to much and shell be bored or disengaged, find the balance the sweetspot
Some girls there will be zero overlapping, try a few things and then was nice meeting you
In a group game your target, but change up the vibe for other girls, win the friends over
The Cicles overallap a bit then start to converge in time
If we do not hit the first sweetspot then, can still do something outside my own circle - this is the faking and manipulation
Dont do anything too far extreeem, open with something neutral, get a feel out for it and calibrate
Gauge and shake her hand, arm around
Overall goal is to have fun, I gotta do 1 to 5 and 6 else I;m ust a the drunk guy or dancing monkey, they are also congrunt and making themselves feel good but are not thining win win to have sex
***part of this also reminds me that women like sex and I'm not manipulating and taking as long as its win-win
Interation is always two people, Im having my fun and also looking at her, are you part of it too?
How to check her....tense....loose
Win win is like being aware socially and there is two people and taking responsibiity for both goals
Some girls will not have circles converging at all...forget them
Sky->Ahhhhh(wolf)->Grounded(Gorilla, being mroe controlled, not holding back but controlling)
See how boring I can get while still just focsing on me... feeling good(fun), being real...and still get laid
Its about relating and being relatable
Words dont matter, focus on the vibe, have fun saying whatever...check me out, check how awesome I am
If the girl is walking stop always trying to stop her..point A to B dont be an obstable
I want to get far away from the place I open her as possible

7. Get better not bitter, its a choice for life
Reality is there is lot of bullshit, its very easy to get negative....choices...get bitter or better
Rejection, humiliation, lots of it coz of ego.
Grow by getting better and destroying the ego
A point of so much rejection that mind goes fuck this and indifference to outcome
Pickup is messy as fuck, lot of adversity, 
Expect shit tests, she needs todo this to understand you, make sure you;re the guy...shell test you, can he keep his cool, she will throw shit at me
Roll with it and get creative and link it back to one of those inner buttons
Growing is getting rejection handled it will happen, key is not notgetiing rejected it is to desentesize myself from it, it not about avoiding it its about getting better at it
And as I grow more in value, there will be more tests, lots of socil pressure, it comes with the territory if Im the main guy, get used to it

8. Playing to win
Most guys just play to have fun, no real goal of sex, always have to be playing to win
...3 outcomes to go for...
Plan A: Pull her
Plan B: Go with her, willing to change course of action and not getting ego involved
Plan C: Phone no
If I dont keep building to sex, im taking away from the fun
Gotta play to win which does not mean get everyone to like me but taking her to the climax

9 Play the Paradoxes
Key: KNow what plan im going for and act accordingly, keeping in mind that I might need plan B
How to know what to go for, all depends on knwoing the logistics
1. Who are you here with? how do they all know each other
2. Where do you live?
3. How is she going home?
4. Does she have roomates, living sitiation?
5. What is she doing later tonight or tmrw?
What could happen? and wht can I do now to make it easier then
Preseeding the pull, plat seed for plan A and plan b
- Aterparty at my place - Plan A
- Afterparty in her area - plan B
plant a seed and then anyways blah blah balha...just mention it
- Babystepping
Being aware of how much compliance, complaince and investment go hands in hands, you small chunk and cut it, aks her a little bit more more a lit bit more while preceding along the way
Think how to get one step closer to fucking, then hink and figure out next step vs what ifs this and that
Go with her vs ohh I went home, calibrate it to the work week/meetings etc
Realise if I diont rey plan a, plan b, and plan c, nothing will happen
Plan A around the venues, afterparty, let grab drinks
Pulling comes with the first 4 laws, this greeses it
Focus on own shit how cud am I feeling, focus on her investment and social value and shit makes paranoia
General vibe is shit is always on
On the way back she will say you know we arent having sex right, realise she has to say tham
Also a pull does not mean sex is a guarantee, some girls goal that night is not to get laid
Paradoxes within the night...macro level
- Starting of the night, not in her goal to get fucked...go for C, D2 her as soon as possible
- Lof of girls are looking for later that night
- reopen sets
- 12:30 commit to the set, either pull or go with...takes 45 mins to hours and half if not more
- pick a girl and commit to her, shes the girl fr the night
- grass is greener on other side, so better commit and decide to stic to it else youll not get any
I dont persue I attract, I generate fun near me, the girls I open are in arms length. I know Im gonna move around the venue, and if I see a hot girl I talk to her, its a by product.

10. Do this shit - Apply it to my life
Commit to renwing 10game every week
Doing it alone, this is me, the most personal challenge I can give my self
Get hooked, go out, put self in all these situations building self trust and self worth

++++++++++++++++++++++++++Easter 2017+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Firsly the odler ways suck, cant dwell in the bedroom or the corners of the club or sidewalks, need to go where the action is, people do it everyday, no more driving around looking for pussy, its never worked. the way is pickup, its going to get uncomfotbae and people are going to see, learn to be an attention whore
Lead the vibe in the group and women
presence in venues, leader
Uncomfortable venues and prepreps
- Coz of older stifling, being placed into a role, not dancing, not connecting - fuck all that shit
- Getting entry sorted etc, a little perception and saying high to people
Time and living in the relax before the uncomfortable venues
Actually pulling girls the same day folling julines tengame
Feeling that undercurrent, which is awesome
She is a girl of value, I have value too...maybe I like her..hence that undercurrent
relax and do what Im doing and know that wat is planned will come
Gotta beleive in music and love again, the only way, but the attachment is different, not out of possesion or for experiences of this and that, but fpr unity, togetherness
Can I go up to a family and tell a girl I want her, tell the parents I want their baby girl to be my baby mama? Is the game making the mindset all sly and sneeky where in reality all I need is me and explore that personality before the 22 isolation....
I always felt I was born todo this, relate to hot woman, flip that script man, its now sitting here, go out remember this corner, the corner of power, the 10 game
Cant be all game game game all the time, gotta down time to logic to earn some money, game first though
Take side breaks just to get away th focus and retun back if incomplete, to much of anything sucks
Other guys might have fucked her as a sport or coz the guy relly liked or loved her. face it, its possible, accept it. dont play mindgames with self
It can feel like a marraig if I meet a nice girl, its not a marriage, fuck her asap
Stop trying, just be what Im feeling....Smile, look at her, get in close...change in the moment...mind follows the body..
Those moemnets of happy crying, feel it, feel happy in beauty, brings me to tears, thats why I'm me, a deep guy, with half a soul enough to see the moments
Relax watch a movie man, relax. its ok, times going by anyways, no need to run with it. relax and act from that place like nothing matters but inspiration
- Ohh man should I go? would ruin my plans of staying in and watching PUA videos lol..
- Why dont I wanna go? Need to game and entertain and cannot put up a front, might have to dance, they will judge my dance moves lol, some goof up at entry, people will look at me with this girl who might think we are serious
- Bad encounters of the past, that experience of the kiss at the end, will it come ine
- Ok lets not game, lets focus on fun, passion and carefreeness, being myself, let it flow, wax on wax off.
- Show her that I like her, look at her, smile and get in close, hands, claw, do it man, whats the restrict
- Feels like my first date since forever, a girl finally wants to go out with me for these event things. wow. Lets go
- Habit of uncomfortable situations building
- That feeling of anticpated trimpuh, lets do this, bring on the bright lights, smile, look at her, close in. it will feel incomfotable but coz its suppose to, doesnt mean I dont do it at a micro lvele or macro level and not go at all. Its all cool....Lets go
- Is it this anxiety or exceitement to go and kill it....Thats what I know best...kill it no matter what...music and feeling of inspiration todo it
- Look for weekend escapades with hot women, put the job on smart working, put the laptop away(push the domains to 1 year ahead), reconnect with fly and reintegrate in society
- One thing is, date them, make love to them, settle for the one, not the first one...start now

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Shift++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Promotion vs Prevention
Going out and not getting rejected vs going out and being attarcted to a girl and getting her
