The Blueprint


Why a Blueprint?
Learning pickup can fuck you up, I did get fucked up for two years, not coz its bad, not coz there is so much material, just that there are as many mindsets as gurus out there. From Mystery, David D, Tyler, Style, Sinn, Swingcatt, Gunwich, Ross. After 10 years Tyler seems to have the best life, the best group of guys around him with regular flow of women from his social cicle and cold approaches for MLTRs at age 37. The basic lesson I learned from him is that you do what works and let what does not matter truly slide, because face it we can’t do everything and our time is short. You cant decide to work a comfortable no stress job and expect to make a lot of money, You can’t decide to settle for the neighborhood easy to deal with cutish girl and expect that one day supermodels will come along or wear the same shit as high school and expect the same. The lesson here is time is short and the best thing todo is work on becoming your best self. After watching his 2008 Blueprint decoded program and seeing him now in 2017, he seems to have the healthiest transformation of all. While everyone else was focused on debates such as alpha game, beta game, day game, night game, text game, fb game, low energy game, high enery game, prize game, structured game, natural game. Tyler focused on going out there in alighment with himself and improving. Screw everything else become indifferent to everything outside his circle of control and be himself and the rest will come from that place of indifference, which is truly you. The blueprint he wrote in 2008 is what he wanted to eventually become, it took him 4 years to write it and then 6 to eventually become. His transformation is truly amazing, hes gone from beta guy who wanted to get married at 19, to guy who got his world shattered at 21, to guy who takes care of himself to guy who finds new ways to fucks hot girls, to guy who looks to find like minded people in travel and business to guy who makes game about lifestyle design and going out regularly and learing from social feedback to the guy who runs a successful million $ business to a guy whos now looking for his baby mama at 37 and has all his 25 years old avengers who look upto him. The first thing that comes to mind now is, is this all worth it? Going out in the field, putting myself in uncomfortable situations? Becoming indifferent towards what truly does not matter? Is it all worth it? Because just getting by is fine too, living in comfort and deciding to never know. It’s not about reaching potential or being the best in the egotisticaly way. It’s about am I happy with who I am, Am I who I want to be?

First things First : Life Journey and Marriage
Everything we do is to make ourselves more “marriage material” if you will. Modern Men and Women have been given this idea that you if you keep running when single, then keep running in marriage, your life will be great. The problem is the map sucks, men are looking for women who are virgin and women are looking for men who are stable(read virgin). With no healthy sexual or relationship experiences from the past we are the dreaded generation, the most comfortable but least connected. The other map is the map of the PUA - AFC -> rAFC -> Player -> Lover, the PUA map leads to being a lover of life and women, functioning in the world through MLTRs and then eventually settling down when its time. Gaining experience about and from different women. Now this journey is long, I’m leaning more towards this journey.

First things First : Even on the worst day, the 3 principles of life
Do we really have time to wallow? Years pass by wallowing, holding deep shit in. At any given point when all those dasterdly emotions give rise to bad state what are the 3 principle, Principles are alomost like values, they are something to return to when shit hits the fan
1. Self-Awareness leading to self love and acceptance
2. Healthy sense of urgency because our time here is short (Descion to act)
3. Act from a place for love of women, that love I first discovered at a young age, if not for love there is nothing really
Starting the day and waking up reciiting and feeling these 3 rules goes a long way...

First things First : Magic Pills
There is no magic pill, it’s easy to start reading a book or watching a video and thinking this is the shit, but No the real magic is when I apply this stuff to who I am. Use what works, discard what does not, document, read more about a particular topic. I’ve seen time and again, something I discarded 6 months ago makes sense now, hence there is no real discard.
1.
2.
3. Timing Matters

Descison to be the ladies man first, IT guy second
The truth is IT gets me all tense, the habit built over the years is of all or nothing perfections and 100% deadlines, no inbetween plans and learning to cut it and go home for the day. With that habit what’s happend to me is, when it comes to work I cannot chill in the inbetweens and lately the moment I think responsibility in terms of keeping the mind focused etc in the form of day to day IT, I cringe, it makes me puke now that I’m aware of the more important things in life. The skill to learn here is detachment, detaching from the day to day cringe, also the new default to set is I’m social, a ladies man, a fun, playful and humourous guy and when it comes down to doing work or getting down to business I can focus for that amount of time and then return to my default. I feel the most relaxed with myself when I think social, ladies man, lots of friends. Also at the same time a lone focused wolf who can go ahead and work and earn money creatively also and lead others to earn well by founding something special, fun, creative and social, which could also be in IT itself. This ladies man mindset requires 100% commitment however as I can’t be both and half-ass it. The truth is the IT part is part of me and I cannot wish it not, I can start thinking it differently from now on, all this while I was looking to be the best coder and reach Google heights when I knew that was never realistically possible as I did not work in the direction for it and mostly reasons for wanting to reach there was ego based, to post some “look at me now” shit on FB. In reality, right now at a small agency, I have a team to manage, who do the work for me, I can learn how to deal with people, manage them and get work done. I’m also learning how to be told I’m wrong or I did not meet expectations, this feed back is all fine. After all I’m there todo work and get shit done. Not focusing on IT as a life default would need someone guiding me too or I can experiement with spotting the gaps and see if that works or explore productvity techniques for real. The questions to always ask is “Is my life a party? Can I invite people into this party? Can I pay to host my party?”

Triggers
I get triggered when someone does not agree with my beliefs or when I feel attacked and now recently because I am more open I get triggered when someone is not open, there are several ways to deal with these situations, the least effective being going to a fight or flight response caused by blood rushing to the locomotive organs when triggered and letting the “emotions” take over blocking my mind from rational thought. The effective way is to first be aware of triggers and experience the emotion and then let blood flow back to the brain by First and foremost, Recalling the Goal of the conversation or recalling what I want out of this relationship with the person triggering me. Second, understanding the other persons reason why they differ or have oposing views or doing something that would piss me off, its tracing the other persons path to action, Mostly I find people themselves are triggered hence they do what they do. Doing these two things flows blood back to the brain and then lets me make a rational descison and respond appropriately. This is healhty debate or conversation in the moment, but ever so often I will find someone knowingly or unknowigly wanting to trigger me for the heck of it or for the joy of it, perceived power or assumed will over me lets them do so. In these cases I’ve found humor is the best medicine. In times when people express oposing views and beliefs the best is to just listen and agree to disagree as you cannot really convince someone to look at your argument or sway someone over unless through power or force. While rushing blood back throght thinking or humor are surface in the moment best goto solutions, the depth of it is what is the reason for the trigger, has to be brought to the surface and dealth with for long term “peace”. Triggers are a great way of getting rid of the shit that blocks me, look to be triggered and anticiapte it, Life is irritable.

Intellect = Boring, It’s sad but true
It’s great to be an intellectual and have a topic on hand, but that being a default is shity, for much of my life the reason I was quite is because I knew a lot of logical topics in my mind, but essentially people were talking “fun” topics where I never fit it. It’s interesting that talking shit and rambing actually brings you social success. Thankyou cocky comedy and other conversational skills. I see now that I can twist and turn topics to the humourous side and use my intellect to be creative with topics, its amazing. I actually have control over the spoken Game, rather I can spit Game. Just for this fact and understanding, I would say my two years plus in here is worth it.

Social Alliances
One major issue is not having bros or reliable male friends to count upon, the issue lies in not looking towards new places to get social alliance needs met when required, out of ego or fear of being rejected or perceved value. It’s also no ones fault that I do not see life like my past bros, everyone has their own path in time and paths change after a few months. Forgiveness is key as they do not know what they do. It’s nothing personal. It’s important to respect and stay away from those topics of politics, spirituality, gender equality etc if people are biased and closed off, It’s ok, look to be curious about where the person is coming from when triggered. Another issue is about fear of being fucked over for the sake of ego, revenge, a girl or just plain stupidity. Social alliances are important, focus on what I’m good at, the one on one interactions, do it at scale as with my default of ladies man also includes social man. Key is being open to forming and merging groups regardless of control or outcome. A quality of a social leader is making plans and assuming people will respond and not being affected by outcome. Secondly being open to let older bros back in, at each point of life different bros will be with me, have to accept this and not let a broship drag for too long or it can crumble with opposinng beliefs in the present and not have a good future which could have been. Hanging on for too long for pillar support is not actually healthy, while hanging on socially is fine, if new pillars based on new beliefs are required I have to go out and get those. No man can survive alone.

Women and Dating
Girls who attract sport fucking for the notches and claims are not worth it, first notches dont teach you much besides counting and bragging and these women themselves can sniff out the fact that I’m there for sex only and it takes a lot of effort to put in a “I also care” front. Girls who have a known count are not worth it either, the reason they sleep with everyone is low self esteem from a young age, not their fault, but I’m not there for therapy hour, I’m there to get beautiful girls. Girls who do not put out after considerable effort can be forgotten, there are other Girls to fuck out there. Girls worth approaching and persuing are who I think are my 10s for whatever reason, its a feeling that draws me towards them, reminds me that I am awesome and I go ahead and get them Man to Woman. These girls make rejection about learning, with every interaction I decide to learn something, learn some truth about me, her and relationships. Ofcouse girls who are not my 10 can be approached for practicing new skills, applying effort beyond that is not efficient. Finally, What love is might be truly unknown to me. I know what Love is not. Neediness is not Love, Possession is not love, Control is not love, Falling for her because she’s innocently playing hard to get is not Love, Falling for her because shes not interested or ignoring is not Love, Not wanting to have sex so that I respect her and take it slow is not Love. All these are misinformation and disney love. Women are sexual and love sex. Love starts with the physical. I’m closer to all the girls I’ve slept with no matter how shallow the experience was at first compared to the girls who I’ve kept as just friends or who have kept me as just friends. Finally, going for my 10 is what she wants also, I’m not taking anything from her contrary to what I am made to believe thru religion and media, she wants it too because my 10 is her 10. She wants to be approached.

She has a life
Often when I’m getting a girl out, it can turn needy because of the ego and how important we perceive ourselves to be, the mindset to adopt here is “I’m in the middle of fucking 10 models right now and I hit you up to see what’s up with you”. Most girls will not budge when being asked out, and that’s ok and it’s a good thing. They have a life, being persistent along with the above mindset will convert numbers to the max. In time practicing plate theory and mltrs help. It’s like I’m seeing multiple girls but keeping the flow of leads going. And I’m not worried about quality as initially I’ve already judged them my 10s.

Stopping time with a healthy sense of urgency
Routine makes life boring and pass by soon, planned routine is key to a good life, running everything I do through efficiency theory, the second key is to also spot the difference between a forced routine(passive, unscheduled, rotines that make me wait for friday, xmas, easter etc) and a routine out of power and wanting todo the things I’m doing(using a planner, scheduling, having a default). While working 8 hours a day focus should be on work, while sarging focus shoud be on sarging, while working on domains or a side project, focus should be on what I set out todo creatively here, when chilling focus should be on the chill. Direct the attention towards what needs to be done when doing it.

Authentic Goals
Most Goals are ego driven, not authentic, I wanted to be a millionaire so that I can be free and show an awesome life on Instagram, but I never worked towards it. I still can be a millionaire if I put my mind to it, but the reasons are to attain personal freedom from the matrix, no one needs to know I have the money. The idea behind all my oneites was to look stable and show people that I have a “good” girl, in truth I did not succeed as its a whole different ball game as I know now and in truth those girls were not truly “good girls” as I know now, in real truth they arent good or bad, they are just women. On the other end the need to sleep with anyone who was available is crazy, the counting game for brags and validation. Today I look for the awesome experience she and I will have within our combined worlds. Secondly, The chase for being a good coder and being a good professional is again ego, so that someone pats me on the back for being a good responsible value giving boy in society, earn the heigest CTC possible and declare to the world at every promotion that Ive made it, but it never feels like Ive made it, the Goal is not authentic. What is authentic goal? I would say doing something  that lets me 1. Build a life itself, a party to experience life and 2. Build social alliances in different levels of healthyness, Authentic goals is not a struggle or to prove something. it’s acting from a place of wholeness and looking at the world as a fun and welcoming place todo the things I’m meant todo.

I’m here to connect
It’s easy to get into self help and pop psycology in a egotistical way and be all in my head and get onto a pedestale. What’s tougher is to be intellectually and socially valuable to the world. Most people are either-or and hence never reach real potential. I see myself reaching a balance, the intelectual in me is taking a back seat to give the socialite in me a chance, this might stall my career for a while, but I trust that in balance I can grow from that place, that balance is a default to self-love, and I can only grow from there with power. Being present and aware of people around, smiling, greeting no matter how superficial is key to building superficial comfort with people, this is gateway to actual comfort, also always go in with a point heigher energy than the crowd, decide to be heigher energy every morning.

The morning ritual

The purpose of life
I take social conditioning and stamp on it, not all of it is bad and to be a PUA, the A, the Art in it is to be cognizant of the various mindsets, traditions and customs and not be offendened by their opposition but know them well and navigate around them to reach where I want, social conditioning does promote individual ego too and none of us can recognize the healthy balance unless retrospected on. Next, I take my ego and stamp on it completly. Finally, I take my reptelian tendencies and ohh well respond to those parts that want to help me, like eating food and sleeping/resting(survival in other words). After stamping, the one thing that remains is “what do I want?” I want to spread my seed far and wide(replication), I see stories of great casanovas and PUAs and I get insipred to repeat their feats. I see love for women and replication in me, sure people who know me will say, “ya you and love for women, you’re a user of woman man”. I know my own path, it started with love for women, till I used a wrong map of seduction and things got bitter over the years. I have the right map now to direct myself towards a structured natural path, its not about getting laid, lucky or finding the one. Its about rediscovering my curiosity and love for women. I see a problem with my Drive lately and I can trace it back to masturbation, its weird on one end religion says its bad, on another end medicine says its healthy, as a teenage boy its bound to become a cumpulsion, and then its hard to grow out of, add to the guilt and shaming behind it and we are left to hate our selves for just being male. I follow NoFap in a way that everytime I think of masturbation related to someone I know or saw, I think to myself let’s preserve this energy and let’s make the fantasy real, I never remember this in field, but I know in time my ku will let me act through my intentions and my drive will be back naturally. Confidence will radiate. This is the inner approach to peeling my onion. The outer approach is basic self awareness combined with the fact that out time here is short, days do not pass by, years pass by and thridly, love and curiosity for women.

The penulimate shift and the penultimate purpose of life
As men what we do in life is for one reason, sex, now this part of us is frawned upon, why we are like this is because its our innate nature to spread our seed far and wide. In modern society our natural urge is shamed at the core, where we are teased for liking a girl and then mocked if the girl does not give in, when we get the girl her character is questioned or our manhood is questioned. The Drive we have to please women and plant our seed in them has lead to invention, creation, culture, society and basic modern world. Through all the times the penultimate purpose has been lost and the modern man uses Drive for goals, authentic and inauthentic, Goals not related to getting women at all, dick logic if you will. The bottom line is we are hear to get beautiful women. The way todo it is already coded in our DNA, its at my disposal to use, a map if you will, ofcouse modern society has changed the rules a bit and being cognizant of this is required at the same time I need to reach a point where I’m indifferent and I dont care who thinks I’m cool for being with a girl or who thinks I’m a loser for trying.

Being Handsome
I can safely say that looks, money, power, status does not really matter, what matter is “appearance”, Not to be confused as genetic looks or not to be confused with dressing or peacocking. But rather Appearance is what character I give out with my walk, stance, surface talk(vocal tonality), dressing, charisma etc etc. In short everything required to make a first impression, eveything required to be put in the catgeory of “Handsome”. My natural advanatage as most women(and some men) tell me is my square jaw and broad shoulders. Now these features sound brutish, and modern society has brainwashed me to believe women want metro femme men, clearly I do not fit that build. Advertising and media can push whatever shit they want and what they think women should consioulsy want in a man physically, but you can’t deny a woman her innate craving for a modern caveman. Thought I consiously know that looks, status, affluence, money etc do not matter, they do help get into the door faster. However appearance and its congruence is just as effective, it’s also less effort if you are not born with affluence, power, status or money. Game, well it keeps me in the house and balls gets me in the bedroom. This is “Being Handsome”, 1. using my natural advantage + presenting an appearance that reflects “me”. 2. Learning Game through education and experience (ability to connect, charisma, leading etc etc) and 3. Balls to go for what I want (aka. Escalate)

Life Crisis
A life crisis is anythin that brings out a feeling of being shamed externally, being trapped internally ie feeling that I do not know where to go from here. 
5 steps to combat a life crisis, and come out stronger
1. Why is this happening for me vs Why is this happening to me, Calm down, this is happening for me
2. What can I learn from this, is there some silver lining, find it, look for the hidden message
3. How did I cause this?
4. What can I change about myself based on the cause
5. Descision to actually change and not worrying about being “sloted” by others
- Go through a life crisis and the stuff that really matters comes to the surface, all those dumb ego goals get no precedence
- Gifts
1. Opening to something new
2. Who my real people are
- Life crisis not necessarly gives you the gifts you want, its fucking the gifts you need
- After figuring out the gifts, Stay with the pain, welcome it, breakdown phase in personal transformation, gettign rid of fasle self images, superficial egos and goal, all the bullshit, process it emotionally, not mentally. Feel through it, not mentally. Mentally makes it why did I do this and that, mentally reason etc, not workth it, resisting it, does not help at all, goes around in fucking circles, its faster to jsut feel though it and release those. Process it much faster as its at the cause, once the sensations go, all the assocuated thoughs go anyways.
Finally, watch for triggers after the fact.
The way though is accepting, dont resist, throw away the resistance, find the lessons and move through it.

Life Crisis and 10 Game
The drastic 21, The Bitch Accusation, The Judgement

Relaxing in Field
A boring PHD professor blurted out in one of his seminar “Is your life a party?”, I though to myself what does this guy know about parties, then I looked closer and the guy was in peace, that guys life was really a party. I could glimpse that if I had his state, I could attain so much from that state, the next glimpse I had was no, that state was not something to work towards, but something already in me. It was something I needed to bring to surface by striping away years of shit. Pickup should be fun, if its tense more than the first few times its not worth it. While most of this blueprint is where I want to go in my thoughts and behaviors, somethings I’ve known to work consistenlty are
1. Approaching at 45 degree angles as as Indirect and efficient as I can get
2. Focusing outwards by descibing in my head whats going on in the outside world, keep the “infield backdoor” quite. However I get so relaxed I forget to approach the hot girl, I pass her and realise seconds later, what I also realise is shes checking me out, so there is something about this outward state.
3. Always open the first set I see for shits and giggles, especially in day game, in a nightclub yeah people do apparoach its almost normal, in day game its unexpected, and its easy to get drawn and lost in the rules of the matrix. So approaching the first set I see reminds me why I’m there
4. Do not linger or hover, If I missed the 3 second rule, move on and hope the girl comes around later

Approaching
45
distance
people think I know the person
Indirect Approach
Calibrate after the fact, open with anything
Easy High

From Social Defence to Attack
A bandaid soln, humor, its a trigger, playfulness, dont take self too seriously, its amazing ignoring or humor

Acceptance that I need to learn to qualify and date

The infield backdoor
When I’m out approaching I can feel my mind is not fully there to open and be efficient with my time, I know pickup should be fun and not focused and efficient, but everything I do should be run through efficiency theory, lately on examing the thoughts that come up when infield I realise they aren’t efficient and do waste my time.
1. I feel that what I’m doing is taboo, and if people found out I would be shamed and laughed at for even trying or even seeking out education regarding this, let along education to get one girl in my social circle, education to get girls by approcing them in public.
2. I feel people will see me and judge me and know what I’m upto. They will know I like that girl.
3. Ever so often I feel approaching itself is like a chore and I make an excure or put a barrier for me to not approach or I feel relief when the girl goes away
4. I feel I have to lie about what I’m doing if someone known sees me
5. I feel if I meet the same person again, something bad might happen
6. I sometimes automatically never look at a girl directly in the eye or at her, need to dig deeper and find out why this is so despite me knowing that I need to be confident and maintain eye contact
7. I sometimes feel when a woman looks at me, especially older women, they know what I’m upto and I buckle up
8. I fixate on a particular open after hovering around for a while
9. For some reason randomly I feel I’m physically, status wise or money wise not upto the mark despite the fact that I know all these do not matter, only the approach matters
10. Not using head in field and current progress being slow
eg. Street corners and passive crosshairs, its fun and is relaxing, but only numbers can measure, how many approaches(not warmups) I’m doing and how many dates I’m doing is the real count
11. I feel like giving up and I associate pickup with bad constantly

Infield Tempo
1. Get rid of Descion making fatigue and reach a point where every set is opened
2. Get rid of Persona Fatigue and Just be yourself
3. Get rid of Self Judgement Fatigue and reach a point of indifference
- Reach a point of most engagement, least attachment
- Women go for men who dont give a fuck, thats either the high status guy or the low status guy, the don’t give a fuck is so subtle only women can sense “it” but they can’t tell the high-low status difference.

The need to control or make it look like or putting up a front
Is it PUA? Doing something because of how someone mught react to avoid the reaction vs acting out of intent

Fuck value Game and how to truly not give a fuck
The word thrown around now is unplug, unplug from the Matrix, but we tend to unplug and then chase something else. I say why chase anything. The modern society get shit done and accumulate this and that leaves us thinking we arent enough and only if we had this and reached that our existance is justified, you see words like passion and purpose thrown in the mix. Truly unplugging is letting go of the cliff, At first we are hanging on to that cliff just to cope based on externally defined criteria. I need to let go of the cliff, everytime I do I know I can just relax and I’m there in mid-air, I did not fall to the rocks, and from there I have the inspiration to go for what I really want with smiles, creativity and love. Of course there are going to be setbacks and the hustle will return but now the doing is from a place of being, the hustle becomes a journey, a voyage. The outcome becomes just something to know and not swell upon, the twists and turns in the journey are welcome as I let go of the cliff, of perfection, of what other think I should do. How does this fit into Game? The first time I learned mystery method I because aware of value or social proff, my whole game was based around increasing my value and lowering others, now combine this with our culture and society of always do do do to become whole, you’re shit till you have this and attained that, it’s left for disaster and the place we come from to the Game is shitty. So even in game let go of that cliff, fuck value game and let the chips fall where they may. A girl rejects me, move on, A girl cheats on me, move on, A girl flakes move on, A wing screws me, outs me or fucks my girl move on.

Lover vs Provider
A while ago, I felt there was this special woman and I had found her, once she bolted. I found another one, in time she bolted too. This itself goes to show that there is no “the one”. During these special times, while I poured energy, fantasy and love into these women, there were a host of other women interested in me, models, hot dumb chicks, girls who I taut wouldnt like me a first. And to think I thought it would be easier to go for these special girls. The problem when I approach these girls was I turned from lover to provider overnight, now I know these roles do not mix. You can be a lover who then says baby I want to take care of you also, this is the only way. First, I cannot seem to bring myself to have a onites again, the benefit of which is, I attract a lot of other women, but I truly know that pure want and desire for a good woman, that truly makes me qualify and sometimes backturn girls who do not fit the role of the special girl, the idea is there is no special girl on earth, but focus love onto “the one”, the godess entity who represents all beautiful women, that’s what lover means. Secondly being a lover, I know the nature of woman now, they do not care about providorship, lately that’s turned me upside down and the work I do does not mean as much as I’m only working for me to be free and sarge, for which I need minimal money, I can put a number to it, it’s not some endless chase any more, and honestly is become about earning money creatively, not just getting paid to be on payroll and sit in an AC office. The flipside is I know womens nature and modern society allows them to have multiple secretive partners too from the past, sometimes in the present till you decide to really commit with providership. This is something to accept, as restricting this cannot be forced, it can only be overcome with the power of love. 

Downgrade to the fun

Cold turkey vs decide when I need it?

Is the party over or do we get it just started?

The Game Files and Why RSD?
The Start was with Value Game based stuff from Mystery Method, Cocky Comedy and Swinggcat, all of them seem to be good.

Sinn Basic social skills and decent dressing sense
